The current predicament of the Jiang family is not caused by me at all
You don't have to come and beg me
Guanghua Bank acquired by your Huacan Group
Freeze all assets of the Jiang family
If it can't be thawed tomorrow
The Jiang family has no funds to return
Will declare bankruptcy
Guanghua Bank freezes the assets of your Jiang family
Well, he has a point.
If you really want to save the Jiang family
Then you should go to Guanghua Bank.
Instead of making a fuss here
But Guanghua Bank listens to you
As long as you say a word
Xiao Can, do you know that because of this?
Dad is already in the intensive care unit
I beg you to raise your hand
Let Jiangjiang have a way to live, okay?
I've made it very clear
The Jiang family has nothing to do with me
You don't have to pester here
Please go out
Chen Huacan
I always thought you were a knife with a mouth and a tofu heart
I didn't expect you to be so cruel
Halo Bank freezes our Jiangjia assets
It must be your support.
You just want revenge on the Zhang family